IPython

1. Locate the file that the os.path.abspath function is defined in. Hint: Look for
some way to find out more information about a Python object, and find one that tells
you about the file that the function is defined in. What is the command you used and
the path of the file? 

I used the '??' command to find the path of the file which is /usr/lib/python2.7/posixpath.py

2. Use a single shell command to count the number of files in the /etc directory. Once
you have the shell command, look at the IPython documentation for a way to run a
shell command and assign the result to a variable called “num”. What is the
command you used to assign the value to num?iable called “num”. What is the
command you used to assign the value to num?

The shell command is ls | wc -l
The command used to assign the value to num is num = !ls -l | wc -l

3. Print the square root of num. What command did you use, and what is the value?

import math
value = math.sqrt(num)
print value


4. Set a variable x = 12345. Calculate the square of x using the following methods:
x**2, x*x, or numpy.square(x). Which is the fastest method? Hint: the
%timeit line magic will show how long it takes to execute a statement. Also, you
must import the numpy library before trying to use any numpy functions. 

The fastest method is x*x

5. How many cell magic commands are there? 

There are 24 cell magic commands

PyDev

1. Using PyDev, create a new project using your Net ID as the project name.


2. Create a package called my_package in the project, then create an empty module
called hello_world in the package.


3. Replace the contents of the module with the hello_world.py file in your home
directory (if you are not using VirtualBox, contact me and I will send you a copy of
this file). Save the file.


4. Using the “Extract Method...” refactoring, extract the ‘print “Hello
World!”’ statement as a function called “hello_world” located at the start of
the module. 


5. Create a run configuration and launch the program. What is the contents of the
Console

The console says: 

Hello World!

